this is Nick he's a sensitive musician
we have a gig Nicky I don't want to go
I'm taking a Mental Health Day who's bad
at relationships hey I just wanted to
talk to you you know I think we both
said some things we didn't mean like
when you broke up with me I'm Abby day
this is Nora she always plays by the
rules
do you promise me that you won't get
drunk today but tonight I came here with
someone
yep she's going to break them would you
be my boyfriend for five minutes please
Nick Nora how do you guys like know each
other the same dentist yes do good I
gotta get my friend home we'll take the
drunk mess home you two go have fun if
you touch one hair
[Music]
she'll be okay you are three this isn't
a cab you're on duty
not a cab my friend I promise you okay
last stop what do I owe you 850 charged
a little extra for the cleaner huh the
Soraa lost a girl what what
[Music]
where are you I found Jesus watch Jesus
he's much taller in person
he's hung up on Tris let's just say
we're not the biggest fans PhysX and we
can hear the one he danced you know the
blow-dryer Laura what hey what's wrong
this doesn't concern you push me again
and what yeah awesome
Norah's Infinite Playlist
[Music]